[Music]
the park and the community is divided by
a river so it's it's very easy for
animals to cross over and just a few
metres away from this community is a
fast-growing Daniela town this is the
only open land where all the wild
animals can come I am a sigh which means
keep cows as a way of life which means I
protect my cows from anything
I remember one of the things I did it
was to put a scarecrow near the caution
to take the lens that all was always
there to look after my house but the
lands are very clever they would come
the first day or a few days and they
realize that it's not moving
so they got used to the scarecrow then
they will jump in and kill the house
[Music]
one night I was working on the torch and
that day that Lance didn't count so I
told myself what if I actually made
something that scales this lens and
tricks them that I was always not
rolling out under caution so that's when
I made LAN lights
[Music]
I was very pleased to note he had
received a scholarship to move on but
also very concerned that as I listened
to stories of people who have applied
lion lights it had nothing to do with
Richard it was the concept that was
replicated because it makes sense it was
simple it was cheap it was replicable
which is great but many of us using it
now have no recollection or knowledge of
who the innovator is or where it came
from
I'd expected the government to take up
the initiative since it was helping them
protect their lands
there are many young people who are very
innovative but they lack support
I given a talk in front of at least
5,000 people was in TED talk in
California
I have such and talked to with very
powerful people like Jack Manassas I did
that she would be attackee final example
or not I do say I'm a summer I made you
a minke Hunico engineer on a Columbine
Amaro and channel now hey now like
inside me and I do uh sorry I keep
fighting a gamble but a final comment
Museum I do America I'm hoping to get
the university and also work on my new
projects have so many other projects
that are already thinking about
I mean the many young people in Kenya
with brilliant ideas better even than
mine
they just need supports
[Music]
you